Title: How to submit to Kernelcon, in 20 minutes or less

Speaker Names: Tim Vidas

Timeslot: 20 minutes

Abstract: Have you ever wondered what it would be like to speak at Kernelcon?  Do you have a fabulous idea, or technology that needs to see the light of day?  Do your friends often tell you that you have a minor kernel problem and that you should seek help?  If any of these sound like you, you might need to know how to submit to Kernelcon.  This talk will take all attendees through the great adventure of submitting to Kernelcon in painful detail.  There may be laughing, there may be crying.  However, at the end of the talk, all those that paid attention, will have all the information necessary to submit their talks!

Bio: Tim is a husband, a dad, and a hacker.  He is one of the founders of Kernelcon.

Technical level: 1

Detailed Description: This will be my first time giving this talk, but I have rehearsed it and have been able to cover all the content within 14 minutes, leaving 5 or 6 minutes for questions.
(1 min) Intro, simple slide about who I am and a disclaimer slide noting that this is not the work of my employer
(4 min) Motivation on why people might want to submit a talk to Kernelcon
        > Omaha is a great place and Kernelcon is a great venue
        > you have a war story, technical idea, new tool, etc
        > you might like popcorn
(1 min) digress into talking about popcorn for a minute
(5 min) the actual submission process
        > understanding that there is required content in the email body AND email attachment
        >
        > emphasis upon the required components of a submission
(3 min) how the submissions are evaluated
        > it's important to think about how a submission is reviewed, because it helps you write a better submission
(1 min) final thoughts
        > wrap up the talk
        > follow instructions!
        >file formats are important!

I anticipate questions regarding alternate submission paradigms, I will have backup slides to help answer questions about why don't use an online submission system (expensive and/or burdensome to submitters) or a simple Google form (some people won't even visit Kernelcon.org with javascript enabled).

Fit: This talk is the perfect fit for Kernelcon.  Foremost, it's literally about Kernelcon, that is the submission process specific to Kernelcon.  So many people attend cons, but more need to submit!  Perhaps one barrier to submitting is simply not understanding *how* to actually submit.  Paying attention for announcements via email, twitter, etc, and then following the instructions on a website is hard!  I admit, there are few references to Kernels in this talk, but I think that the content is still very applicable.

Other Venues: none.

First timer: no.

Additional facilities: none

Press can contact me: yes
